We built our first app.
And before we dive deeply into next let me give you a preview on what you can actually build with it.
Now you're going to tell me.
Yeah.
View chase applications with Cirus had rendering you did already say that it's true.
You can build only worse.
Laughs But you get more options.
You can also build a single page application with next.
So no server side rendering.
You can disable that.
It will just give you a normal view single page application and if you're wondering why would I use
next then the next module will tell you.
Because Nax has more than just service IDE rendering this whole folders approach and working with just
view components and folders that really has a lot of benefits and you can build a steadier.
Now what's difference between all these things now where a universe lap.
The first view is dynamically rendered on the server.
As I mentioned earlier.
So after at first load We're back in single page application land and our app is just espie it does
is already great for search engine optimization because we render the pages on the fly.
It also has other benefits like us simply returning the latest version of our application pre-rendered
on a server which might feel faster to the user depending on how long the rendering takes.
You can also build a single page application app starts in the client after the first load.
So it's not pre-rendered anti-Arab always is just a single page application.
The cool thing here is it's like a normal web but with the simplified development noxious gives you
the steady Gabbers maybe to hit and start a champion of knucks development.
You can pre-rendered your views so locally on your machine or on some built server but they're not generated
on the fly but you actually generate a static page with just HVM old javascript and see it as false.
However you pre-rendered debt for all your content.
They are huge advantages.
You have a steady gap.
You don't need a node server for this and you still surf pre-rendered pages.
The downside of course is you always have to retrain them them if you are contemn changes.
But this still is an awesome approach.
And more on that of course at the end of this course.
This is also great for search engine optimization.
It's also worth having a look at.
But again we will take a closer look at the end of discourse.
I just wanted to give you an idea of what you can build with next and that it's not just about server
side rendering though that really is one of its big strengths.